# capstone-project

This repository serves for my finnal capstone project.


**Abstract**:  There is abundant articulation about the geo-correlation of crime distribution and landscapes, but few of them explore the topic at the micro-spatial level, with the instrumental variable – weather condition. This study focuses on the interplay of crime location choices, with five specific facilities and landscapes including bars, open spaces, retail areas, archaeological priority areas and subway stations. Both approaches of polygon and spatial points are employed in the study, and points data like bars and subway stations are also converted into polygons for display. Eight weather conditions are categorised according to the features of rainfall, sunshine and frost days. Consecutive crime data covering three years are collected from the government’s websites, and more than 30,000 crime records are used in the analysis. The results show that there is a clustering phenomenon for all landscape types, but the degree of concentration fluctuates across weather conditions. For outdoor facilities like open spaces and parks, the tendency of higher attractions to crime is evident on the map, while the influence of satisfying weather on indoor facilities like bars, archaeological priority areas, and subway stations are not so significant. Commercial sites are the most important predictor for crime clustering regardless of weather changes. More latent distribution regulations are also discussed in this study.
